Level12 is a new innovative product idea for indoor climbing.
It’s a laser propped device which allows you to create and climb an unlimited number of boulder routes.
Level12 features four different modes – Choose, Create, Play and Train
The “choose” mode allows you to select predefined boulder problems.
Holds and Steps are projected onto the wall while you climb
With Level12 you can also define your own boulder.
Simply go to “Create”. Select holds and steps on the touch screen.
Once you are ready, your own boulder can be saved, shared with your friends and replayed at any time.
Go ahead, challenge your friends!
With the “play” mode you can access predesigned games for training, or just for fun.
This feature is great for climbing classes and individual training.
With Level12 you can help beginners with lead-climbing.
In the “training” mode the outline of an advanced climber shows you exactly how to move your body.
You can also add clip positions, rest positions and other information.
Level12 consists of a camera, a laser projector and a touch interface.
All together it fits into a shoe box.
Level12 can be used in any indoor environment
and its low maintenance.
New routes or games can be created within minutes.
Level12 is currently in development
But we need your feedback to make sure it reaches its maximum potential.
So, let us know how you like Level12!